Cut it or not, send it directly.
Follow or not, of course follow
You don't even look at your cards?
willing to admit defeat
But I'm curious
What are you betting with me?
My minister
Do you dare?
Hahahaha
Why not?
But our house can be bigger.
Plus your homestead
dare
But it's a new one or I sent it.
Now I have Peach Blossom Shun.
No reason to say
OK
All the money you lost over the years is here
This time if you win, take it all
If you lose
Tomorrow I will go to your house to collect the homestead and real estate
They are both evidence
Don't make a scene then.
No problem, willing to admit defeat
Can you open it?
Don't move don't move
Move and lose